hey guys today I will convert my black
Sony PlayStation 4 to a white one using
this matte white skin that I got from
decal girl the set that I have here
includes the skins for all the sides of
the ps4 including the bottom for that
full coverage just head over to decal
girls website to check out their other
designs as they have skins for all
electronic devices like smartphones
tablets laptops and other portable
gaming consoles first thing you need to
do is to find out which skin goes where
as there's really no instruction
included inside the packaging you just
have to figure it out yourself
next make sure to clean your ps4 using a
dry cloth or a napkin don't use anything
wet like a disinfecting wipe or
something because the skin might not
stick properly next line up the skin to
the ps4 so you know which one to use
then peel it off and stick it on one
side then simply work it down to the
other side if you mess up just peel it
off and start over if there are any air
bubbles just smooth it out using your
fingers now I'm just going to speed up
this installation
so there you go the skins are very easy
to install just take your time and
you'll be fine now maybe as for looks
really amazing it just looks very neat
the skins are really spot-on they're
also really thin but strong enough to
protect my ps4 from minor scratches the
material used on the skin is really a
high quality you can also choose the
high gloss finish if you prefer that
over the matte ones the whole set is $29
and for an extra nine dollars you can
also get the skin for your controller so
here's my newly converted white ps4 and
as you can see it looks really great
with my setup I could probably fool some
of my friends to think that I have a
white ps4 I highly recommend that you
try out one of the decal girls skins as
they look really good and they're very
affordable unlike the other brands out
there so there you go that's it for this
video I hope you liked it enough to give
it a thumbs up or leave a comment down
below thanks for watching and have a
nice day bye